    char* Sysinternals = "Sysinternals Software License TermsArticle05/24/20232 contributorsIn this articleInstallation and User RightsScope of LicenseSensitive InformationData CollectionShow 8 moreThese license terms are an agreement between Sysinternals (a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft Corporation) and you. Please read them. They apply to the software you are downloading from technet.microsoft.com/sysinternals, which includes the media on which you received it, if any. The terms also apply to any Sysinternalsupdates,supplements,Internet-based services,and support servicesfor this software, unless other terms accompany those items. If so, those terms apply.BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.Installation and User RightsYou may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices.Scope of LicenseThe software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. Sysinternals reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may notwork around any technical limitations in the software;reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;publish the software for others to copy;rent, lease or lend the software;transfer the software or this agreement to any third party; oruse the software for commercial software hosting services.Sensitive InformationPlease be aware that, similar to other debug tools that capture ?process state? information, files saved by Sysinternals tools may include personally identifiable or other sensitive information (such as usernames, passwords, paths to files accessed, and paths to registry accessed). By using this software, you acknowledge that you are aware of this and take sole responsibility for any personally identifiable or other sensitive information provided to Microsoft or any other party through your use of the software.Data CollectionThe Sysinternals tools do not collect any data. Please refer to the Microsoft Privacy Statement.DocumentationAny person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.Export RestrictionsThe software is subject to United States export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For additional information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting .Support ServicesBecause this software is as is, we may not provide support services for it.Entire AgreementThis agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.Applicable LawUnited States . If you acquired the software in the United States , Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles. The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.Outside the United States . If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.Legal EffectThis agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your country. You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software. This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.Disclaimer of WarrantyThe software is licensed as-is. You bear the risk of using it. Sysinternals gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this agreement cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, sysinternals excludes the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.Limitation on and Exclusion of Remedies and DamagesYou can recover from sysinternals and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00. You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.This limitation applies toanything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; andclaims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.It also applies even if Sysinternals knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.Please note: As this software is distributed in Quebec , Canada , some of the clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.Remarque : Ce logiciel ?tant distribu? au Qu?bec, Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en fran?ais.EXON?RATION DE GARANTIE. Le logiciel vis? par une licence est offert ? tel quel ?. Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est ? votre seule risque et p?ril. Sysinternals n'accorde aucune autre garantie expresse. Vous pouvez b?n?ficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection dues consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier. La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualit? marchande, d'ad?quation ? un usage particulier et d'absence de contrefa?on sont exclues.LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INT?R?TS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILIT? POUR LES DOMMAGES. Vous pouvez obtenir de Sysinternals et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement ? hauteur de 5,00 $ US. Vous ne pouvez pr?tendre ? aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages sp?ciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de b?n?fices.Cette limitation concerne :tout ce qui est reli? au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers ; etles r?clamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de responsabilit? stricte, de n?gligence ou d'une autre faute dans la limite autoris?e par la loi en vigueur.Elle s'applique ?galement, m?me si Sysinternals connaissait ou devrait conna?tre l'?ventualit? d'un tel dommage. Si votre pays n'autorise pas l'exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilit? pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l'exclusion ci-dessus ne s'appliquera pas ? votre ?gard.EFFET JURIDIQUE. Le pr?sent contrat d?crit certains droits juridiques. Vous pourriez avoir d'autres droits pr?vus par les lois de votre pays. Le pr?sent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous conf?rent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.";
